br: add one missing pitr bugfix (#16086)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.1.1.md

    + Backup & Restore (BR)

        - Fix the issue that `checksum mismatch` is falsely reported in some cases [#44472](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44472) @[Leavrth](https://github.com/Leavrth)

>         - Fix the issue that `resolve lock` is too frequent when there is no PITR backup task in TiDB cluster [#40759](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40759) @[joccau](https://github.com/joccau)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that the frequency of `resolve lock` is too high when there is no PITR backup task in the TiDB cluster [#40759](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40759) @[joccau](https://github.com/joccau)
```
